H
the
they graduate
Kaboom welcome us to my roots
Call of Duty
yes we way it is today this is not a model Hoffer 1 synonymous wenns I believe the
most would have thought that it would be given to 1
but actually that started to be expected I got or too
Club boss on the edge wants to get
Percent has played correctly is not now
I was a bit busy but my
proper entry into Connecticut the first two had been goal
and therefore, today also gets a wanted word to see the clip
I know that in front of the camp but again so can the guest
Not many tips are waiting for you there
I would like to use it for individuals
so as to highlight the changes that came with the time
and personally I did not like it so much
maybe that's for you
nagut started
Yakin but before that
two of them come straight to mind
for one thing what the part of coal who earn not least
frustrated had Aachen at least obese ab as the driving force
and on the other hand what also the part of the files for the row calm I say
I could keep my performance the most constant then I had Migros of customer
Of course I have to think about it
what was the Oderbruch van Wyk what was different in the successor club like
Modern Warfare 2 in the box
that the quartet has changed for me
that different feel for the game, or all of that changes the web in mine
Eyes or they are in my eyes justified by three
big tractors
the first Modern Warfare 2 or respectively the Pope came
the first big factor is in my eyes
and where the biggest hit has been
PREGAS who gives one faction in full force and the other
Faction for Jerry still decided
unchanged that was the counterpart to cope with as a man no longer had
Weapons beat gave more health
and on top of that, most people sold that with them
played and just there was very noticeable that they are finally there too
the art was used with a great deal
I have it very urgently also directly to the second major factor
because somewhere there must be a reason why most people are
at that time for that has already decided me
the reason was probably that the maps were much smaller
I know that, of course, important Kate Moss also gave cards
comparable to wireless LAN so the world
but on average, the cards were rather small and already on such a
Level as I said "Make protein or coward little
Branded look that was the first 4 the first time in the month
In addition, the maps also expect a lot of connections and there were many
Beds and you could work that perfectly from cover to cover
you could wash a lot better and you can do 1 point faster
been cracked
and the bottom line is whoever mastered the map surprised
yes always good and the whole leads me directly to the third factor
because if you could record such a few successes you knew his
Some customers on flights knew the Metzner common
then, of course, the topic will be rewarded a little bit bigger
and at that point came the change in Modern Warfare 2
in my eyes a lot of before but also really x-treme the Xtreme
Has disadvantages
I can only speak for myself and not for the sake of God
undeserved
I am also happy about a nice round the road with firmer then
the hallway or whatever
but you can really speak of rewards
I get to the point
DICE now in Cat or Modern Warfare 2 all shooting rewards
that means I want for almost 11% e-commerce platform on so what
it's really just about the shooting gallery rewards or the round
On the other hand, you can say that the reward is only one billion won
Huge down a pounding bump did you do well
the reward is not in addition to good and beautiful Vienna war creates and
the customer is the animal key treats
it showed, according to this in quotes Leckerli in Modern
Warfare 2 in Vancouver
it will open as my new kills derive an 8 points then gets the
Have pursuers
and the reward for those 8 or 9 missing is another ten percent or 15
every player has to be different depending on the cash register
the 20 kids will be much more
you can still speak of pilots and such matters
is that justifiable? I mean my hand on the heart I want it
really really do not paralyze
I'm always happy when I'm not on the one hand with the children on the one hand
Face says he does it every time and does not have this either
conscience
but still, I'm wondering, that's not a reasonable trillion queen
do more with my reward now
which I need you to get there to reward
and in my eyes does not like at all
but alright i always come back to farther ahead
there had been on the same done on paper has always been so
been
on the run had been so irritated
Dr number of kills made the number of members Modern Warfare 2 so times
If you only make an animal then you also do it with it then you do it too
no time there
with it all before
and on the seven wounded but the dogs have
Percent in Madrid where he drowned second bite was missing and you could say
actually relatively easy to measure
there was also in the preliminary round only the round future should be extremely low
were
a few more the five six or seven kills warning signs do not really work
counts because missing and on average worse claim
to the round
four five six money was actually made in the aggravation
Well Home Works I'm always that's a Yaris there
so it sounded a bit Freeman initially limited time is said again
it should not come over like that
but the message should actually be that
Walter Tumor playing the track was decided by a playful performance
This is really the case in most cases
Only the player or team won, which was better
There was no command in the sense that there is almost nothing at all
tube
There were no rewards here, either, this is for me now, here it came
just focus on precision reaction time and especially the re
the best ways we had that is
I and my weapon do not exist anymore
Well that's what first with my little wanted where excursion
and yes
if you want that Wolf said that Wolfgang Vettel I was up
the whole amount of money gets up to 10
I just do not know about the St six years as I said let me know
so thats it
I would really appreciate it if we are under value maybe
as well as any losses express numbers also tells everyone
Stapleton foresee rewards
and also with Henkel our channel opposes if this did not make
in this sense
Until next time